Generates a pokemon world (401x401) in segments where the segment (80x21) is only
    generated if the player moves into that segment if it has not been previously 
    generated, and matches all gates positions so they match between different 
    segments. Building locations also have reduced chances of spawning the greater 
    the manhattan distance from the center. Gates are not generated on edge of world.
    Also, commands to move between segments to explore the world can be used. 
    (n, s, e, w, f (fly), and q). Also generates a cost map for the NPC's for there traversal.
    Spawns multiple types of trainers, and the triainers move based on cost of moves towards Player.
    Player can move the pc around map as rival and hikers follow them as well as being able to initiate
    battles between eachother. Can view trainers and relative positions and if they have been defeated, also
    the pc may enter pokecenters and pokemarts menus. The PC and NPC's also will have atleast 1 pokemon before the start of the game
    with the PC player choosing the starting pokemon. The pokemon will also spawn in tall grass with stats based on
    manhattan distance from center of world. The player can enter a menu showing its pokemon and their stats. Battles with wild pokemon and trainers
    have been implemented. After battles with wild pokemon the player has the option to capture it.

Commands/Controls:

    Movement:
    7/y - move upper left
    8/k - move up
    9/u - move upper right
    6/l - move right
    3/n - move lower right
    2/j - move down
    1/b - move lower left
    4/h - move left
    5/. - rest (dont move)
    Q/q - quit game

    Battles:
    1 - fight, enter menu to select move to make
    2 - Enter bag, use revive/heal
    3 - attempt escape
    4 - switch pokemon
    5 - use pokeball (only in wild pokemon battles when pokemon knocked out)

    Pokemart/center:
    > - to enter, only works if on mart/center terrain
    < - to exit menu

    Trainer menu:
    t - open menu
    up_arrow - scroll up in menu if possible
    down_arrow - scroll down in menu if possible
    esc - exit menu

    Pokemon Menu:
    g - enter menu displaying players pokemon and basic stats
    (number) - display more stats for specific pokemon based on number
    esc - leave menu back to world